confidence in the good results of the second harvest corn the rural producers of
lucas of the green river put the harvesters in the field
and are intensifying the harvest at the end of June according to the
municipal secretary of agriculture luciane copeti
the estimate of obtaining average productivity over 75 bags for editing it
revealed that the planted area is between 170 180 thousand hectares of the product
and the production of saab in the municipality alone should reach the house of 7
165 thousand tons working for the reports of the secretariat we have there
of 177 techniques of planted maize
the secretariat's estimate is to harvest on average 75 sacks per hectare
but with the probability of increasing this productivity due to the rains that
were
until the period when the militiaman flourished with the arrival of
agroindustries of the municipality the improvement of the price in the market the cultivation of corn
producers are becoming increasingly attractive to producers, the rural producer must be
extirpated community green field
planted about three thousand hectares of corn according to him the climate was favorable
for this Saturday and expects productivity of over 80 bags per
fair today I think it's average
I reached 90 + 2 sac per hectare itabom and the whole crop the price of
commodity is attractive in the market
but the producer has a concern the increase of the prices of the inputs
by wave was the difference between
roberta sa frei
It's okay, we need to have people strolling through the group
worrying silver approach
because the very brutal act forró this changes very expensive
From day 16
yonlu's father a breadwinner
only that without making a comparison of 12 months goes beyond the next harvest '
I think he is worried
Another concern of the rural producer is
drought
the tram the request for imminent fire during the harvest is the largest
that's our concern
is to prevent the fires
taco lega cast the actors
This was so
it was not now